# Our Mission

**Our Mission**: Prevention is the best strategy. Our mission is to share a set of guiding principles focused on prevention and proactive management of health. There are countless recommendations available in mainstream media which are complex and riddled with disinformation. Our strategy is to simplify and filter this chatter to bring the focus back to foundational principles of health, akin to what our parents and grandparents used to frequently tell us. In doing so, we hope to rekindle the powerful generationally rooted working framework of thinking about one's health to empower good habits and thereby strive to prevent disease.

**Our Motivation**: We are a collective of physicians who spend many waking hours together talking about improving our own health and quality of life. We come from varying academic backgrounds and currently span several medical subspecialties including Pediatrics, Vascular Neurology, Internal Medicine, Vascular Surgery, Cardiology, Emergency Medicine, and Primary Care. Despite the differences in our training and current practices, we have realized that prevention of many of the diseases we see all stems from similar foundations. We constantly share our best practices with each other and integrate these within our lives as we see fit (and discuss with our personal doctors accordingly to see if certain measures are appropriate). We have also learned that while as doctors we can help treat many diseases, the mental and physical impact of having an illness (even if treatable and curable) can be tremendously stressful to the patient. It is important that we recognize this toll and continue to focus on optimizing our health to prevent prevent prevent.

